Subtitles by MisterMascolo
It's time we hear again
when legends are ripped, screaming and bloody
from the wumb of glory
That's just one of the many disgusting ways
we'll be describing the white knuckle action of vghs'
fps clan tryouts
Live here in our mobile studio in grand theft auditorium
and speaking of legens
our special guest of today eats legends for brunch
hey law
hope you grabbed a snack for the match
ehm, I did Scott, thank you
so law, we've got 84 students
going for just 12 Jv and Varsity jants
any pro tips for your fellow mouse jockeys?
before they get ready for the death?
well, i don't know about pro tips, but
let me tell you something i once told a promising young newblade
VGHS is about being the best
but you can't be the best
you must be yourself
so before you walk in the tryouts today
i want you to dig deep before you walk through these doors
i want you to find out what drives you
cause once you find that out
once you know what it is to truly game
then nobody can break you
you guys are ready to go?
chiba, honzo!
how did you
Fished them out of the dumpster
You didn't think i'd let you actually throw your gear, did you?
i fixed them for you, they should be fully functional
and i've added a few...
upgrades
you guys know you're the best friends ever, right?
we are?
of course we are!
now let's go playing some video games
now we've seen some great action today, but this final match is the one that everyone is gabbing about
in the red corner: the leanest, the meanest
fps-est varsity crew this school has ever seen
they must have a pretty good captain
and in the blue corner
a rad tad group led by jenny Matrix
who's fighting to be the first softmore ever to make it onto the vghs
varsity team
doesn't help that she's down a man due to Brian D's expulsion
Yes, we've got you to thank for that, Law
Look, when a troublemaker like Brian comes into a school
STFU Law, It's Brian D!
Noo!
No!
Don't you understand the maning of the world  "expelled", D?
i signed up, i'm still in the system
the rules say i can play
Pff, Who sold you that load of molineux?
Around here I'm the dungeon keeper, and my rules are in black and white
looks like your fable ends here
i know it does
it was my dream to play on a vghs team and i screwed it up
yes, you messed it up bad! Like a failure
so what are you doing on my battlefield?
This isn't about you and me
it's not about getting back in
it's about one last chance to play with the best of the best
it's about playing the game
so at the end of the day Calhoun
it's all about the game
GG Brian D
he plays!
I can't believe that worked
check out brian d's old school gear!
Don't tell me he's that one he smoke you with
Law-lipop
alright everybody calm down, the game is about to start
You've shown up late again, uh brian?
you never seem to learn, do you?
Rule No 1 Ace
never give up
Rule No 271 Never quote my rules back to me
Now sit your punk ass down and best wishes
you all know the routine, you keep it clean up there
match begins in thirty seconds
get busy fragging or get busy dying
COUNTDOWN
allright bring it in
you should've stayed home brian you're going to ruin itfor all of us
yeah you're expelled, you've no chance of making jv
hey| i've seen these two cats meow
and it's about to be a fancy fist tonight
you plan on bringing the thunder?
you know it
good enough for me
Jenny
Now that you've all worked out your feelings
are you ready to kick some ass?
Fry my circuits! D and Jenny've just grabbed the case
bust out your butts and putt butt bibbs on these butts zoners
because this combo is bubble
please, grabbing the case is the easy part
let's see how these butts do on the long way back
How crowdass that kid can play
i hate that kid
Bullim! Underclassmen draw first blood!
Law, looks like your ex girlfriend and arch rival are really kicking your team's ass
Jenny matrix has almost dome
these underclassmen are one point away from the biggest upset in clan tryout's history
and that's not all, shotbot
another round like that and brian d could actually get back in, into vghs
Now how's that do ya, Law
he's gone
he left
alright, you three left flank
everyone else, with me
this is it g...
THE LAW HAS ENTERED THE GAME
The law?
Game over man
game over our faces
okay, everybody calm down
don't panic, as longas we keep our
HEADSHOT
Law ready for this?
Run!
Yowza! lesson learned, hell hath no
fury like a Law scorned!
I know me some ownage
but that's got to be of the fastest case grabs I've ever
oh great Carmak's gosth!
he scored again
tie game
you knwo what that means Quakesperians
It's time for a sudden death!
3 minutes, no respawns, no mercy
Ladies and gentelman, it does not get better than this
two stories, one villan of Quakesperian proportions
and it all comes down to this final play
Jenny, Brian
make it a good one
everybody stop!
we can still win this thing
get real Matrix, we're down-zo
the law is coming
for me
The law is here because i'm here
So i say let him have me
you know you're almost in school, right?
i know
alright, here's the plan
LAW!
he's mine
Jenny
Law
awkward
so
what's happening captain?
Should we just shoot each other?
oh we could
but that won't get you on varsity know, would it?
here's how this is gonna work
you're gonna go grab the intel
i'm going to say hi to Brian
and I'll see you at Varsity practice tomorrow
you think i'd be caught dead on your team
Matrix, please
i should go before people start talking
Hey brian
Argh
Argh!
Jenny just shot me in the back
Oh wait no
I'm sorry
she just stabbed you in the back!
Really, Brian?
really?
I gotta admire your gumption, kid
you really want to play this game one last time
Okay
The clock's ticking
so why don't you put that 'nade on your nogging
and we'll put this all "is anybody better than the Law" issue to bed
Brian
move the face
I'm not the bad guy here, you were nothing and nobody
and then you met me and the whole world gave you a shot
and you blew it
you proved you're a nothing
but surprise
here's your pal The Law
coming here to give you a last chance
so are you gonna take it? Come on
you've got nothing to lose
almost
Law ready for THAT?
Brian D
congratulations
you're once again the lowest ranked player in VGHS
Welcome to the team
thanks
I'm sorry about Varsity
it's ok
I'm happy with what i've got
Sorry, i was completely unprofessional
It's ok
I am your captain now, though
Oh, well it won't happen again
captain
That was your first kiss, wasn't it?
And my last, cause now i'm going to die
Brian, it was
i'm
it was good
Good, cause that was  the last one, right?
yeah
I hate this school
practice starts tomorrow
see you there
captain
Hey, sorry DK. I'll catch you later
Sleep well, young Theodore
for we drift! AT daybreak
Oh hey Ted
turns like your girlfriend here is quite a rocker
she can learn a thing or two
I'm sure she is da
she's pretty awesome at anything
Ted you can play cool all you want, but you know at the end of the day
look, that's Brian!
Oh, see you later popps
Brian freaking D!
Congratulations brain
I knew you'd make it back!
Roommates forever!
Thanks guy
Wow, you've made your teams!
Yes, she melted my old man's face off
litterally
oh no, not litterally
but i did really well
Put your jacket on, let's get some victory pizzas!
pizza sounds great right about now